All right,
here I am talking through what I want the
Brandpoint product landing page to be in
this document that I am sending.
It has the information,
the copy and my requests of the format
and layout.
Layout.
Let me walk through it now. References.
I linked to a stacker.com landing page.
I love the flow,
I love the look and feel and I love the
way that the content is organized.
So I have created my page layout with
copy.
To mimic that, however,
I am also including our brand point
Otimize one pager and our strategic
distribution guide so you can see our
font colors,
our style and the fonts we use.
Please marry the two.
The font we use throughout is Inter.
The goal of this page is to be an
overarching overview of our product
lineup and the main actions we want are
to drive people to either contact us or
book a demo. However,
both of those CTAs will lead to the
contact page on our.
Our website listed in this document,
the audience,
the sales team will use this in e-mail
outreach.
Marketing will direct ads to or include
in e-mail outreach and this will also be
linked in client reports and in the
visibility report CTA to learn more about
our solutions.
So as far as page layout,
let me just walk through this for the
hero section above the fold.
I would like it to be two columns on the
left with our tagline and a request a
demo button underneath it and then on the
right.
Develop this map attached to fit our new
style guides.
Below that I want a centered header that
says trusted by the nation's top brand
and agencies and then replicate the
slider from the link provided there on
our existing who we work with page.
This should include different brands and
PR agencies.
That section should be relatively thin.
Below that,
this is kind of the hero section of this
landing page.
It is our distribution packages section.
I've included a screenshot of our
strategic distribution guide. However,
I would like this to be actually coded
and designed so the text can show.
Show up in search.
I don't want this to be an image,
I actually want it to be a widget on the
landing page,
all five across with all of the
information included in that.
If I need to,
I can provide the copy or AI should be
able to just take it from the image
itself.
A CTA line underneath that.
Let's get started today with a button
that says Contact us.
The section below that will mimic the
stacker section of the different
capabilities they have with imagery
paired with information.
So actually, no, I was wrong.
The next section is just four cards
across that like explains what isn't
Brandpoint optimized.
So those four bolded sections with one
very short capture underneath we could
also include.
The icons in the RAM lint otimize.
Uh, deck 2.
Then below that is the longer section
that is uh.
Nope, wrong again.
Then below that is another two column
section showing off the AI visibility
quality score with copy included.
I think there should be some treatment to
this image. It can't be just as is.
Still keep it accurate to what they would
see if they get the report, but maybe.
Clean it up a little A-frame, center it,
make it pretty and then I want a client
quote call out included there and then
the next section is our customization
categories. So we have.
The first one will be about specialty
publications on the right side for the
images of that.
I don't know if we just want to include
logos of USA Today,
AP News and business journals,
how we want to do that.
The next section would be our specialty
formats, So what we can.
Do as far as print and video and
infographics,
I think that should be relatively easy to
mock up an image.
And then the last section there is our
amplification and audience engagement
section.
I've included a screenshot of what our
engagement looks like so that can be used
as is.
Just change the font for the caption to.
Read and enter.
Next is a case study call out.
This is an entirely new section,
so see our work in action.
All the information is in the document
there. And then at the very bottom,
this is our final section, the final CTA.
So I want this relatively big and bold,
ready to get your brand in front of
millions with a big giant CTA.
To the contact form potentially no, no,
potentially. That's it. All right,
that's it. This will this request.
I want this to be on our brandpoint.
com website.
We are currently using Elementor,
but we could do a custom HTML page design.
So it doesn't fit into Elementor.
So I would like all of the images,
the layout mocked up and then the HTML so
we can copy and paste it into a draft on
our WordPress and then I can go in and
modify and edit the text as see fit.